Eprad eCNA Plugin Release Notes

Version 1.2.0

The main feature addition is Dimmer Control page for use with Eprad QDC-400 series of dimmers.

In addition to being able to control all 16 zones, all 16 channels (if so equipped), it provides
monitoring of output level (textually and in meter form).

Dimmer Offset percentage can be monitored and adjusted via slider, bump buttons, or input via
text. 

To minimize the impact on other functions and the responsiveness of the eCNA Web UI, the meters
utilize an internal timing scheme that will correct to the actual level, if there is a 
difference.  Their movement has been optimized for "typical use-cases."  So, if the dimmer
offset is controlled manually (outside of the plugin), a jumpy update is normal/unavoidable.

The manual configuration refresh buttons (of previous versions have been consolidated into a
single button on the Setup page.  This will minimize the impact on the eCNA's web UI as well as 
the overall responsiveness of the plugin.  The plugin will gather all of the information on
first connection. However, if configurations (input/output names, dimmer zones...etc.) change
after the plugin connects, pressing the Refresh Setup Data button should update all pages with 
the current configuration.  

The resolution of the Scrape Poll Rate precision has been changed to a tenth of a second with 
the range of 0.5 - 20-seconds.  Times less than 1.3 should be avoided with 2-seconds remaining
the default. The faster we poll to the eCNA, the slower the eCNA will be at refreshing its web
pages. The trade off is how fast the plugin will update its various data.  

If one is updating from a previous version, Q-SYS will not allow the change from integer to float
for the Scrape rates.  As such, its name was changed to avoid the need to rip out
and replace existing versions of the plugin. 

The "Debug" Tab (option set in Properties) and associated pins have been removed.  Use the
normal Q-SYS Debug window.  

The Digital Projector (1 and 2) on the Output Page now refresh via unsolicited eCNA responses
rather than by polling (polling is still used to ensure they are synced).  This will allow them
to update significantly faster than via polling.  If desired, repurpose them if your project
needs a very quickly updated output from the eCNA.  

The Poll Interval (Poll Timer) is now internally fixed at 45-seconds and no longer appears in
properties.  

An internal poll priority has been adjusted for an improved input/output flag update speed. 


Version 1.1.2 (build 36)

Fixed bug for Lens Flat command (status was correct).

Version 1.1.1 (build 35)

Internal fixes pointed out by the Plugin Checker.

Version 1.1.0 (build 34)

Added Aux Input and Aux Output names.  The plugin obtains the user defined input and output
names.

Removed the legends from the "Projector" buttons (Dig Proj1, 2 and Slide Projector) so the 
integrator can use those flags for other things and apply their own legends. 

Version 1.0.1 (build 53):  Minor internal fixes.  

Checks on invalid IP address and internal formatting consistent with Q-SYS plugin standards. 
The Status pin is also correctly named.  This may impact any designs that update from 1.0.0 
that use the Status pin. 

Version 1.0.0 (build 51) 

This is the initial release. 
See the Help file for operational details. 





